
Hello.

I have job experience at top-10 programming companies in Russia. (mostly on c#/.net)
Also, I have done more than 5 courses in edx and coursera (with distinction). (in total about 1,5 years of courses, some of them reque programming on python)
(with edx 6.002 Circuits and Electronics)

I have related education - Automation and electromagnetic drives. (Active parameter identification, differential equations and so on)


Small research project that I make

I have several research projects done only by myself.

Builded in institute during studying:
1) AVR FBD compiler, based on topological sorting and blocks defined on assembly.
That project can get up to 1000 logical blocks (with properties) (logic operators, simple arithmetics, display) on a single avr IC.

2) Custom software to access data from electric meters via GPRS modem in coal mine
- because of almost no GPRS/GSM signal in coal mine, we must change logic of data receiving

Write GUI, driver for request electric meters, all data stored in database.
Now almost all data about power consumption is available to make better power consumption predictions (and save money)

Builded after graduation:
1) Most effective Arithmetic IP cores in the world (but today nobody uses computers, so i even cant get feedback from anyone )
https://github.com/ValeryAndreevichPushkarev/AddM​ul-RISC-V

2) Most effective memory selector
https://github.com/ValeryAndreevichPushkarev/Cach​e-MemoryBlock

3) Global optimization method that better than Multistart (with all same properties)
https://medium.com/@pushkarevvaleriyandreevich/gr​adient-descent-that-we-must-have-5a4542e218a0
(Read from - What to do (With gradient descent)?)

I have a specialization (now it's 3 courses in machine learning 2-3 weeks each) in machine learning (Andrew Ng, coursera) with distinction. (on python)
Also have Berkley CS188.1x: Artificial Intelligence - basics of AI )


How I plan to solve that task

That task is basically active parametric identification.

So to solve that I need to:
1) Write all equations that corresponding to electromagnetic waves transmission in soils
2) Write complete equation of electromagnetic waves transmission during radar operation
3) Rewrite my Global optimization algorithm to work with GPU, add vectorization, add matlab version
4) Its a Global optimization problem, so I will take data from Radar
(I'm think there is FFT data must be available) and build most sustainable model that corresponds with that data
5) If i can't identify parameters - modify Global optimization algorithm, add clusters of soil types.
(and identify reflection coefficients/electromagnetic conductivity for each type of mineral/combination of minerals separately)
6) Take all needed data from model parameters


Conclusion

So, basically I have experience with machine learning, python programming and so on.
Also, I have education in related fields.

(What i want to discover - Global optimization with identification of a planes (in 3d) between region with different soil types(conductivity).
Actually, nowadays with GPU we can find global minimums even for functions with 100+ variables almost in realtime. Not a "Slices with a many pseudoreflections")
